child a little bit together for people
here again folks it doesn't matter
whether you're making a yummy chorus or
a digital product or whatever you're
trying to launch in your life here to
take the things we talked about in
figure out how you take that and put it
into place for you so let's wrap things
up with this last comment that I was
making about the bachelor she's lost
weight she's doing she's got these
changes that she's making in her life
but oh yeah that doesn't mean that she's
got it all resolved yet do everything
resolved right you got it alright and
yeah totally perfect it's really nice
yeah this is this is important like I i
develops my vulnerability and rawness
honesty over time and i know this still
deeper levels I haven't even touched it
what I realize I got very comfortable
with being able to shield my mistakes
from the past being our share my pain
from the past it has since healed or i
think is here and as with one label of
vulnerability to kind of show people
that you weren't always perfect but as
you've identified the next level to show
that you're still not perfect and it
took me so long to overcome this barrier
because I thought well lose all
credibility you know if I haven't got my
life 100 C completely sold it you know
nobody's gonna work with me and that's
just total bullshit people only want to
work with someone that they can relate
to people don't want to get advice from
someone as perfect as they can't imagine
being perfect they have never been
perfect
understand what it means and they can't
possibly imagine somebody who is perfect
understands where they're at the thing
and some of the pain that I currently
experience is what's going to help my
clients the most was really interesting
is how my coaching is a bulbs and so
often now that my my coaching sessions
involve me telling about something that
I haven't yet sorted out in my life as a
way of relating to the personal coaching
you know so they tell me about some pain
there is nothing like that so at the
moment the south
and that helps them so much because they
can see it and somebody else usually
they can see the solution themselves as
so often the case that we can give the
advice we can't follow rights so often
like like I see the emails that I see no
to my community the ones that get the
biggest response other ones around
talking about the things go wrong about
the things didn't go well for me that
painful things I experienced the
awareness thats that has come from me
realizing that I've still got deeper
levels of authenticity to uncover that
are still got more confidence to build
and this is what's really this is there
it's their garden thing with the plans
that kind of growth the most the ones
that are all the journey with you are
trying to catch up to your destination
necessarily but they're watching your
journey I love seeing this guy grow like
being part of it I like I like having
been there from this position seeing you
get to this position and the only gonna
see that if you open and honest about
your feelings and your weaknesses
regularly and in real time and to go
over something that we had talked about
in the session if you could just see
give people this metaphor that you would
give in about two mountains and people
standing on the mountains and how that
plays into you know what you're saying
about being able to somebody else
yes I tribute this one dr. Russ Harris
is one of the leaders and Acceptance and
Commitment therapy huge influence on my
work
so all coaches affect anybody probably
running you know me cause is going to
have those boys going who might tell
someone else what you might help someone
else when I don't have my own shirts
ordered and it's really it's really
beautifully put this this metaphor so
what my coach says he's on his mountain
climbing a mountain and you can see me
climbing mountain over now from his
perspective because see the path that
I've taken and you can see the possible
Pasay could go to keep climbing so he
can yell out advice to me you know he
can see can see where I'm going better
than I could see myself because he's got
their perspective on his mountain he
says Scott rocks in front of those faces
as confused as anybody about where to go
next
so he's got his courage on another
mountain yelling out you know so the
idea that we need to be perfect we need
to be at the top of the mountain before
we can help someone else is total crap
we can be amiss in still help someone
else because we have a perspective on
their lives that they cannot possibly
air and if we open about our own
insecurities and more open to seeing the
the amount and their journey and an
unbiased way I'm trying to hide what's
wrong with me if I'm trying to make
myself look good I'm gonna be very
judgmental about them as well as gonna
biased my perspective I think you should
do this something I should do that but
if I let them just got a call
also my stuff out when it's my time now
stay at times I'm gonna look at this
stuff and help them with their stuff you
know but that's that's an imposter
syndrome that we all give me helping
someone in a voice in your head saying
you're not good enough to help someone
else you don't need to be just need to
have a perspective that will help them
you can be there can be more successful
the new by any measure you want to use
every area of your life and you can
still help them because they can't see
what you can see excellent so I hope
that that's a nice inspiring note for
everybody who
watching us right now to understand dead
we all had the ability to our
perspective in our perspective that we
have is different from the perspective
is somebody else is able to have in
their own situation index value that we
want to bring is our perspective in our
ability to see so much more about what
people are experiencing in to bring them
to help them with the journey that they
are so with that I will wrap it up
thanks so much for being great
conversation with me Dan thanks so much
for willing to be willing to take a seat
sorry so I know can be hard for people
to be willing to get on air especially
when we're talking about some of the
stuff that we're talking about in this
conversation where it's not quite as
easy as some of the other type of chats
that people will have your marketing
strategy let me ask somebody about
marketing strategy being willing to get
on and say hey my problem is that I lack
confidence and I don't want people to
think so I appreciate your willingness a
seat Teresa and I had a great time
talking with you diane was a guest on
the show here and thank you so much for
having me browse been really good and
thank you to reason being so honest
that's that's a skill you can take
forward and I would do a lot of good and
yeah I think there's been a great Jim
Iyke I really appreciate the opportunity
man everybody i buy for now